# State

State is changing values over time maintained internally by a component (typically generated by user events). But props are like function arguments get passed to components.

Avoid local states as much as possible. Components' local state must be at lowest levels as much as possible.

You must not update state in the following places

- In render method of a child component. This means , you must not update the state of a parent in child component's render method. This would cause unnecessary parent component updates and may cause child re-renders

- Inside ComponentDidUpdate lifecycle. Because this cause one more re-render at best and infinite re-rendering cycles at worst

Avoid the state altogether if you find yourself doing any of the following

- Creating the state to derive some value from the props. Its always better to derive the value directly from the props than to going through state. If computing the value at render seems expensive either use [`useMemo`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usememo) hook for functional components or [`memoize-one`](https://github.com/alexreardon/memoize-one#usage)

- Using `useEffect` only to change some state value based on some props value changes. This clearly means, the data needed could be derived from props alone. So we don't need state.

- Copying redux connect props to components state and then update from state to redux store on submit. Its better to keep state isolated so that we can have single source of truth.

- Copying props coming from parent component to state and propogating the state changes upwards to parent components from child components. In this case its better to use the props directly.
